

Arram.org.in is a website / App for an NGO. Which is alead live from this project.

It works around temple / spritual field. All the data are in that website. 

Now we want multiple modules. Most are interlinked.

Org Structure (and org level people)
    There is orgalization structure. People can see the tree below them, phone, name, place.
    Each have login (phone / sms), login session stays long period, like 30 days (configurable)
    People at top can add can add people just below them. 
    Org structure is in PDF. Check this "specs/Kovil%20Konda%20Tamizhakam-E.pdf" Page no: 18.
    All the people comes under each level will have login.
    Its both vertical and horozontal with geographical divisions. It targets Tamilnadu. 
    

People. 10 digit phone number should be the unique ID for table. 
    People table. Name, Phone(10 digit indian number only), DOB(optional), gender, Pincode, Who referred (phone), program_id (which program they joined)
    A verification switch if that people verified their phone number via OTP. 
    These people wont have login access for now but may be in future. 
    May by be another table like "people_label" to get more data about this user. 
    People are added from different route and method, including the import from excel. 
        This is different topic. 
    This holds unique people. 

Project
    Project is a group of events, span across time, geography and stages. 
    Example cow worship festeval in temples. 
    In Each geography, respective org people conduct it. 
    Each project will have stages. 
    Example, "Pongal 2026" is a project. 
    "Pongal 2026 - Coimbatore" is an event to that project, happended in Coimbatore. 

List 
    List is list of people (referred to people ID)
    It may tied to a project/stage/event(tells how we got them)
    Each list will have stages, tide to stage of the project ID 
    Lets take the "Cow workshop" project, inital reachout may be via social media, or just OTP verification. 
    Next stage we invite this for another event, we take attendence at each stage (taken by district represent from the org)
    Who ever attended the previous event will be invited to next event. Again there will be attendence. 
    It goes until the final stage. 

    The idea is to get the potential volunters who are interested in our idea. 
    People who are serious are the one who keep on coming to all the stages. 

Social Posts: 
    Org people at all level can pust even images with caption (they can select only location they belong to downward)
    People at top can see and choose for socail media post (just mark a lable so the social media team manually post)
    A feed of post where anyone can see. 


Skill marketplace. 
    People post their skill and volunteer free time so others can pick it up. 

        



Technology 
    Next js latest with 16, shadcn, tailwind, neon, drizzle, payload cms for content editing and versioning. 